README.md, before:

# Alaska Native Craft

## Setup

For setup instructions please see the [fabric wiki page](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/tutorial:setup) that relates to the IDE that you are using.

## License

Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal
The Creative Commons CC0 Public Domain Dedication. As with the Unlicense and typical software licenses, CC0 disclaims warranties.

## Currently Implemented

### Mobs

1. Harbor Seal
2. Ptarmigan
3. Moose
4. Dogsleds

### Items

1. Respective meats for each Mob
2. Muktuk
3. Harpoons
   - Combine with a lead in an anvil for long-range leashing (up to 48 blocks)
4. Dogsleds
5. Dyeable Kuspuks

### Blocks

1. Whale Meat Block

## TODO

### 1. Textures

1. Add Moose Entity Texture
2. Add Kuspuk Textures
3. Refine Harbor Seal's Texture
4. Refine Dogsled Entity Textures
5. Refine Muktuk texture
6. Change Harpoon Models (and add different colors for different materials)

### 2. Content

1. Whales
   - Whale hunting
      - On Death: Corpse floats to surface to become multiblock whale corpse
   - Whale oil (fuel source)
2. Walruses
   - Walrus tusk
      - Walrus tools?
3. Switch to using Biome Modifications API
4. Make Whale Meat Blocks act like Mushroom Blocks
5. Change dogsled control scheme?

Commit message:

Finalized textures and models, started config

README.md, after:

# Alaska Native Craft

## Setup

For setup instructions please see the [fabric wiki page](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/tutorial:setup) that relates to the IDE that you are using.

## License

Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal
The Creative Commons CC0 Public Domain Dedication. As with the Unlicense and typical software licenses, CC0 disclaims warranties.

## Current Features

### Mobs

1. Harbor Seal
2. Ptarmigan
3. Moose
4. Dogsleds

### Items

1. Respective meats for each Mob
2. Muktuk
3. Harpoons
   - Combine with a lead in an anvil for long-range leashing (up to 48 blocks)
4. Dogsleds
5. Dyeable Kuspuks

### Blocks

1. Whale Meat Block

### Other

1. Snowball Chickens or Parrots to make them Ptarmigans!

## Upcoming Features

### 1. Content

1. Whales
   - Whale hunting
      - On Death: Corpse floats to surface to be harvested
   - Whale oil (fuel source)
2. Walruses
   - Walrus tusk
      - Walrus tools?
3. Switch to using Biome Modifications API
4. Make Whale Meat Blocks act like Mushroom Blocks
5. Change dogsled control scheme?

## Thanks

A special thanks to Daimons for the Moose Texture and to everybody in The Fabric Project Discord Server
